## 6.1.3 What tools (in general) does a product type model provide?
	Product type model cung cấp những công cụ nào (nói chung)?
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

The product type model is responsible for
	+ Loading and configuring product options
	+ Preparing the product for the cart
	+ Processing product data to/from the database
	+ Checking whether the product can be sold
	+ Loading child products, when applicable (áp dụng)

Basic product methods for every product type
	+ prepareForCart – initiates the product for adding to the cart;
	+ getSetAttributes – gets backs attribute set of a product;
	+ getAttributeById – gets backs attribute by its ID and product ID;
	+ isVirtual – determines if the product is virtual;
	+ isComposite – determines if the product is composite (hỗn hợp);
	+ canConfigure – determines if the product can be configured;
	+ getSku – backs up product SKU, whether it has product or no;
	+ hasOptions – checks if the product has options;
	+ hasWeight – checks if the product has weight;
	+ assignProductToOption – assigns options to products.
	+ isSalable – determines if the product is Salable;
	+ checkProductBuyState – checks whether you can buy a product;
	+ getRelationInfo – gets backs information on product relations;
	+ getAssociatedProducts – gets backs associated products;
	+ getChildrenIds – gets backs the list of child product id;
	+ getParentIdsByChild – gets backs the list of parent product id;
----------------------------------------------------------------------------


# What additional functionality is available for each of the different product types?

Configurable:
	getConfigurableAttributes – gets back the attributes used for subproducts;
	getUsedProductIds – gets back subproducts id;
	getProductByAttributes – gets back products by attributes;
	getConfigurableOptions – gets back list of options;
	setImageFromChildProduct – sets child product picture for parent product if it hasn’t been set before.

Bundle:
	getOptions – gets back options list;
	getSelectionsCollection – gets back options collection by its id;
	getSpecifyOptionMessage – gets buyer’s message back with the request to specify options;
	checkIsAllRequiredOptions – checks if all the required options were selected;
	checkSelectionsIsSale – checks if all options are available for sale.

Downloadable:
	getLinks – gets back the links for product download;
	hasLinks – checks if there are links for product download;
	getLinkSelectionRequired – checks if the product can be purchased without selected links;
	getSamples – gets back samples for product download;
	hasSamples – checks if the product has downloadable samples.

Keep in mind that the getRelationInfo, getAssociatedProducts, getChildrenIds, getParentIdsByChild, etc. methods are common to all product types, but return an empty array if applied to not composite types (Simple or Virtual). 
The logic of these methods is implemented in classes of composite types, taking into account the specifics of this type.