## 6.1.1 Identify/describe standard product types (simple, configurable, bundled, etc.)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Product Types https://docs.magento.com/m2/ee/user_guide/catalog/product-types.html

6 Product Types in Magento 2 Explained & Examples
	https://www.mageplaza.com/kb/6-types-product-types-magento-2.html

1/ Simple
	A simple product is a physical item with a single SKU.
	Simple products have a variety of pricing and of input controls
	which makes it possible to sell variations (biến thể) of the product.
	Simple products can be used in association with grouped, bundle, and configurable products.

2/ Configurable
	A configurable product appears to be a single product with lists of options for each variation.
	However, each option represents a separate, simple product with a distinct SKU,
	which makes it possible to track inventory for each variation.

3/ Grouped
	A grouped product presents multiple, standalone products as a group.
	You can offer variations of a single product, or group them for a promotion.
	*The products can be purchased separately, or as a group.*

4/ Bundle
	A bundle product lets customers “build their own” from an assortment (các loại) of options.
	The bundle could be a gift basket, computer, or anything else that can be customized.
	Each item in the bundle is a separate, standalone product.

5/ Virtual
	Virtual products are not tangible (hữu hình) products,
	and are typically used for products such as services, memberships, warranties, and subscriptions.
	Virtual products can be used in association with grouped and bundle products.

6/ Downloadable
	A digitally downloadable product consists of one or more files that are downloaded.
	The files can reside (cư trú tại) on your server or be provided as URLs to any other server.

7/ Gift Card
	There are 3 kinds of gift cards: 
		virtual gift cards that are sent by email,
		physical gift cards that are shipped to the recipient,
		and combined gift cards that are a combination of the two. 
	Each has a unique code, which is redeemed (chuộc lại) during checkout.
	Gift cards can also be included in a grouped product.