## Websites, Stores, and Views
	https://docs.magento.com/m2/ce/user_guide/stores/websites-stores-views.html

Every Magento installation has a hierarchy of website(s), store(s), and store view(s)
	Mọi hệ thống đều có 3 phân cấp website > store > store view

The term `scope` determines where in the hierarchy a database entity content element, or configuration setting applies
	scope xác định data nằm ở level nào

Websites, stores, and store views have one-to-many parent/child relationships
	1 system có nhiều website
	1 website có nhiều store, tức là subdomain khác nhau
	1 store có nhiều store views, tức là template khác nhau
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

# Websites
	Magento installations begin with a single website which by default, is called Main Website.
	You can also set up multiple websites for a single installation, each with its own IP address and domain.

	Sau khi cài đặt, nếu để mặc định thì chỉ có 1 website chứa (1 store chứa (1 storeview))

# Stores
	A single website can have multiple stores, each with its own main menu.
	The stores share the same product catalog, but can have a different selection of products and design.
	All stores under the same website share the same Admin and checkout.

# Store Views
	Each store that is available to customers is presented according to a specific view.
	Initially, a store has a single default view.
	Additional store views can be added to support different languages, or for other purposes.
	Customers can use the language chooser in the header to change the store view.

# Tables
store_website: Lưu thông tin website
store: Lưu thông tin store, chỉ ra store thuộc website nào
core_config_data:
	Lưu thông tin các cài đặt trong Admin theo scope (defaul, websites, stores) và cụ thể scopre_id nào